yes yeah I used to live here
won't you come in it's the least I can
do is it like you remember cleaner well
you feel free to look around while I get
the water boiling your hair is there you
go awesome music I do apologize
it gets so very hot here this time of
year it's fine what do you feel like you
could just about died but you know what
they say about dairy hmm no one who dies
here ever really dies
but tell me how is it being back in
Derry it's got a strange strange oh my I
had some cookies in the oven before you
came Steve right there
I shouldn't impose I'm gonna no I insist
we photos are lovely miss Kirsch are
these your family my father came to this
country with $14 in his pocket what did
he do mrs. Kirsch my father joined the
circus
I was always daddy's little girl what
about you are you still his little girl
Beverly are you
[Music]
it's me the losers Club has officially
begun
[Music]
I wasn't doing this but you have to
stick together
[Music]
hello
why not because I know the things that
happen on spring break what kids have
overprotective parents get to reclaim a
moment of sanity miners get high and
smoke weed I agree with your mother
looks like I have to leave first thing
in the morning for Japan feeling that
it's sharp you think I enjoyed being out
of town for weeks on end well now would
I should go maybe I don't need his
permission this is our last spring break
ever I'm tired of my dad telling you I
can't he can't do
that's my dad fine guys I don't think it
to you he's looking for man your
father's a too cheap to make themselves
feel younger she's our age how is he
trying to feel my woman he's not just
cheating it's a second family you
finally found your dad's kryptonite you
can get anything you want from him not
for a TransAm sometimes our cool is your
father home you've met my dad we go way
back
your mom is really good doesn't she yes
hard to believe that we keep missing
each other after all these years
souvenir my dad go that in Japan funny I
have the exact same one no way way oh I
felt glad to be home
told you get me surprised what are you
doing down here
grew up here why are you here Spring
Break there's two sides to every story
so it seems not here for Spring Break he
could really use a father like you
you're blackmailing
I hope you're having fun hey Allison I
don't think she heard me
you were very loud you should I be
louder no I got grandma Ruth's car this
is your car it is that's awesome
it's bush-league man sorry I don't know
all your covert rules rule number one
only offer information when asked what's
the holdup have a little man talk sports
drink and strippers rule number 2 when
asked a question always answer with the
question here's what what's gonna happen
when you get caught let me recognize you
it's like you two different people
think this is my first close call trial
by fire like the Hindenburg
[Music]
but I'd like I can see that happen oh no
no fun time me too it's like I like am I
your accomplice better than my
extortionist
the spider-man far from home trailer is
about to play but if you haven't seen
Avengers end game yet stop watching
because there's some serious spoilers
about to come up but if you have seen
Avengers end game enjoy the trailer
everywhere I go I see his face I miss
him I miss him too I don't think Tony
would have done what he did
if he didn't know that you were gonna be
here after he was gone
you gonna be in next autumn and now well
no I don't have time I'm too busy doing
your jobs oh I'm kidding I'm kidding
look keep up the good work because I am
going on vacation
heads up Nick Fury is calling you I
don't really want to talk to me resolve
why because if you don't talk to him and
I have to talk I don't want to talk
about you sent Nick Fury to voicemail I
gotta go
you do not ghost Nick Fury dorks what's
up
we're just talking about the trip I'm
here in San Marco Polo's oh I think MJ
really likes me when I first went alone
you're a very difficult person to
contact spider-man this is mr. Beck
we're gonna use someone like you on my
world your world Beck is from Earth just
not ours the snap to our home in our
dimension a job to do you're coming with
us
you can use what about Thor offworld
captain Holmes
unavailable but who's the friendly
neighborhood spider-man please
you've been to space what do you want
Peter I want to go back on my trip with
the girl who I really liked you tell her
how I feel
MJ I am spider-man no of course not I
mean it's kind of obvious you're right
you may not be ready but this is my
responsibility
saving the world requires sacrifice
sometimes people die
I always feel like I'm putting my
friends in danger
the world needs the next Iron Man
you're going to step up or not
[Music]
here I work with spider-man do one for
spider-man I won't win spider-man not
for spider-man
[Music]
so how would you feel about going to the
mountains of Christmas with grace she
really wants to get to know you guys
that's our mom's hat Wow okay I don't
want to leave you here with the kids if
you're not feeling I'm tired I'm feeling
fine it was my idea and it's a couple
days I can do a couple days okay guys
I'm off fun what is that that's right
everyone committed suicide a sinner
repent and you will find Salvage things
are very uncomfortable Katrina's oh
we're stuck in a house together what is
this the power's out where are my things
it makes no sense what I heard something
hello did you do that we didn't do
anything
we're leaving what are you talking about
look outside we're stuck here
[Music]
okay
trust me
you have nothing to be scared about
so comments for Pakistan
yeah of course Emma's mites are coming
and I know one who would be perfect for
you
it's not fussy really first out of the
top and stay there away from the dog I
want to be a writer but my family is
stuck in another century writing isn't a
job I need you to do more makeup ish
better kiss the girl and get out of this
dump
Bruce the direct line to all destroying
this shitty world seriously what does he
know about our world
[Music]
you should be listening to our music
before you start getting confused and
hating yourself
[Music]
I listen to everything I can feel it all
right here
it's like Bruce knows everything felt
everything I've ever wanted
four poems they're not brilliant put
their minds you think that this man
seems for people like us but he talks to
me
[Music]
you cannot be serious night my dream was
to come here and work hard for my family
if you don't try to fix this we will
lose our son for good
this guy is incredible you've never
heard lyrics like is that Billy Joel
Billy Joel you try and raise your kids
right
[Music]
ruch things about not letting the
hardness of the world stop you from that
in the festive you slip away my hope is
to build a bridge to my ambitions but
not a wall between my family and me
purpose do you visit
I'm going to sing Bruce Springsteen's
hometown I can't think of a better
reason to visit the United States and to
see the home of the boss
[Applause]
tramps like us baby we were born to run
did you write that I've told you before
your lyrics are rubbish I didn't even
rhyme the state of Florida is issued a
category five hurricane warning all
residents must evacuate immediately grab
your families your loved ones and get
out we won't be able to come for you
[Music]
I'm fine
P - R - be less than an hour we'll be
underwater banging on the pipes where's
their senses I can distract them for you
you got this
you need to go now
I'm not leaving you here
What's Wrong dad
please tell me the madness dying she
doesn't know so you can't see anything
good family thinks it's better not to
tell her why is that better Chinese
people have same when people get Kenzel
they die what have to build upon our
wedding is an excuse so everyone can see
you know only cousin there's there
should be there you can't hide your
emotions if you call night we'll find
out right away
really huh da da da versa wanna change
agent so what's yeah how's your Mesa
majula then I just undertake you came
back
Oh y'all owe each other woman guy
gossamer and imma take them cool about
report Tom Schwartz died gentlemen he
goes with her to quit let her make
obvious intruder back yamaga through the
way where you say
tannaz I wish no gosh I shouldn't we
tell her isn't that wrong to lie it's a
good lie
most families in China would choose not
to tell her you must wish I had an
English yes yes we talk we show Angwin
Johanna
she's dying can't be a little more
sensitive
what do you want from me to scream a
chronic you really Barsoomian consider
total receive on cocoon from that
planetary - Daria Sebastian
I want to believe every 50
[Music]
Alysha Moya proportionally social
occasion to draw such is so
ha ha she was the first female
late-night talk-show host on a major
Network winning 43 Emmy Awards ladies
and gentlemen Catherine do you think
women are funny funny is funny as long
as you're white male and from an elite
college like your writing staff we need
to hire a woman what a gay guy work no
so you have no experience in comedy I'm
obsessed with comedy I do a little
stand-up where you're higher it doesn't
work out which if I bubbly won't you'll
be gone are you okay I'm so happy I feel
sick I came to tell you this year is
your last won't who you I'm a new writer
the new female writer yeah I can see
that right think about why the show is
bad just tell me back don't push me come
up with ways to fix it the headline of
my analysis is complacency tell me what
doesn't work a newcomer coming in from
giving me her assessment of my comic
persona I will not be marginalized
because no one here looks like me she's
not trying to silence your strong female
woman of color spirit hashtag me to blah
blah blah he's a new writer with no
experience
write something the show hasn't been
good for years why didn't you say
something I thought you knew and didn't
care
I hear the same cush I have some jokes
with man on Tom Cruise is the same age
as me he needs to fight the mummy
I need you to help me change this show
no more tantrums in no withering looks
like that one that's my face
what exactly is wrong with my bits
you're a little old a little wait what
can I do about that let me introduce you
to a new series Kathryn Newberry white
Savior ever helicam let's see what we
can do about that
I actually didn't need to go anywhere
that doesn't matter this is how white
saviors work into the cab how would you
describe Molly Molly Molly is she said
that I reminded her of a younger girl we
got a split you all up into four groups
transport you to the search areas
[Music]
it's just I want things to go back to
the way they were before they are not
gonna go back to the way they were you
make do with what's left Bridget it's
8:20 get your ass home I'm not your
personal babysitter I need you to watch
him come home I don't you're older don't
do anything stupid said work Bridget I
don't know where the hell she is it's
been three days since we last saw
Bridget we have a photo at all of our
patrol cars she's out there without a
father this is a mother's worst
nightmare
you have to eat something to death
you're scaring us I need to know what
happened to my daughter I am begging
to know that your daughter is out there
is higher and she's calling for you you
can't get to we just want to find her
and bring her home
you're a great mother that never changed
I miss my daughter it's over she's never
coming back get out of my house
[Applause]
[Music]
I'm on things go back to the way they
were before they are not gonna go back
to the way they were you make do with
what's left
[Music]
Johanna cata security
tourists are a co-worker angry right
zucchini not the small top
what are they eleuterio like you
consider us Austin Academy
[Music]
it's motivator
Kodomo tachi do you can I talk about
[Music]
[Applause]
we're going over the sooner
my casa method
[Music]
what
gotta go fast
20 minutes ago an energy surge knocked
out power across the entire Pacific
Northwest this needs someone who could
figure out exactly what we're dealing
with you're not suggesting my wife think
you're suggesting we have no choice
what are you in charge here yes I know
I'm wrong
mommy charge allow me to clarify in a
sequential e ranked hierarchy based on
level of critical importance the
disparity between us is too vast to
qualified agents though
the doctor thinks you're basic listen
pal I don't know if you realize I'm
sorry major what was your name benjoe
nobody cares
[Music]
meow basically it looks like I'm gonna
have to save your planet
[Music]
no but thank you for asking
whatever this creature is our job is to
secure it
neutralize it see what makes it tick
[Music]
look at this I took 9 million steps
today
stay in there and be quiet how much
longer I can't breathe in here do you
have your child in that Bank
no I mean yes it's a child but it's not
mine it's not your child
smells like bodies breaking an old ham
sandwich
[Music]
you